build(docker): #57 Build from recent image (#59)
RMI-PACTA/workflow.prepare.pacta.indices: README.md

and format them for the Transition Monitor webtool. 

## Running Prepare PACTA Indices workflow  

### Required input

The index preparation Dockerfile uses the `ghcr.io/rmi-pacta/workflow.transition.monitor` docker image as a base image.

> Although the image is public, pullang public images ffrom GHCR requires authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the image is public, pulling public images from GHCR requires authentication.
```
